Kr lnvgy (#52)
SUSE/technical-reference-documentation: kubernetes/reference/adoc/i/SA.adoc

ifdef::IHV-HPE[link:{vn_HPE_homePage}[{vn_HPE}] (R)]
ifdef::IHV-HPQ[link:{vn_HPQ_homePage}[{vn_HPQ}] (R)]
ifdef::IHV-IBM[link:{vn_IBM_homePage}[{vn_IBM}] (R)]
ifdef::IHV-LNVGY[link:{vn_LNVGY_homePage}[{vn_LNVGY}] (R)]
ifdef::IHV-SMCi[link:{vn_SMCi_homePage}[{vn_SMCi}] (R)]

> as the platform for physical, baremetal, hypervisors and virtual machines

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as the platform for physical, bare metal, hypervisors and virtual machines
```
